What is the best thing you've got going on in your life at the moment?
What does your inner voice tell you?
What do you need to stop doing to make space for bigger changes?
What have you done recently to overcome one of your fears?
What do you fear?
What is the most courageous thing you have ever done?
What are your strongest beliefs?
What book had the most significant impact on you?
When are you most creative?
What thoughts come to mind when you are relaxed?
How could you achieve more by doing just half as much?
What do you want to be known for?
What makes you feel most fulfilled?
What goal do you think humanity is not focused enough on achieving?
Who do you admire most in your life?
If you could change two things about the world, what would you change?
If you were offered the chance to feel happy all of the time, would you take it?
Do you think it is better or worse for people to know whether they have the genetic marker for a debilitating disease?
How do you define friendship?
What habits do you have that you would like to replace?
What was the biggest realization you had about yourself?
What do you need help with most often?
When was the last time you were lost?
What book had the most significant impact on you?
What is your favorite ice cream flavor?
Where is your favorite place in the world?
What is your favorite part of where you live?
What is your favorite type of weather (or season)?
What's your favorite family tradition for a holiday or other special occasion?
What rule do you think everyone in the world should have to obey?
If you made up a new board game, what would it be like? How would people play it?
If you decided to write a book, what would it be about? How would you make it interesting to readers?
What is something that you thought you could not do then found out that you really could do it? How did you feel when that happened?
Would you rather be a unicorn or a dinosaur?
Would you rather travel by train or by airplane?
Would you rather ride a bicycle or go roller skating?
Would you rather visit every country or fly to outerspace?
Would you rather eat pizza or scrambled eggs for breakfast?
Would you rather live in a tree house or an underground cave?
Would you rather grow wings to fly or gills to breathe underwater?
Would you rather have superhuman speed or superhuman strength?
Would you rather have vegetables or flowers growing out of your head?
What would your campaign motto be if you ran for president?
What would your perfect after-school playdate be like?
What is the nicest thing a classmate has said to you? How did you respond?
Who is your best friend? What is it about that person that you like the most?
What would be your ideal birthday celebration? Describe what it would be like.
Have you ever felt left out by your siblings or the kids at school? What was that like?
If a new student joined your class, what could you do or say to help them feel welcome?
If someone wants to become your friend, what would be the best way for that person to let you know?
If you could spend a day with a character from a book, TV show or movie, who would you choose?
Which one of your friends do your parents like the best? What is it about that friend that your parents like?
What are the best places for kids your age to make friends other than school? Why are these good options?
Have you ever made a special effort to include a classmate with your group of friends? How would you go about doing this?
What is something that makes your family special?
What is the best gift you have ever given?
When you you think a person becomes an adult?
What five words do you think most describe you?
If you knew you could not fail, what would you do?
What would you do if you could become invisible for one day?
What is something you would like to be famous for?
If you could give one gift to every child in the world, what would it be?
If you could live in any decade, which decade would you choose to live in?
What is the one rule you would make if the whole wide world had live by it?
What’s one invention you would come up with to make everyone’s life easier?
If you could change the ending of a book, series or movie, how would you change it?
If you lost one of your five senses, what do you think would be the hardest thing about it?
If you were stuck on a deserted island, what are three things you would want to have with you?
If you could meet someone from the past and share a meal with them, who would you choose?
How would the world be different if we could understand animals (or they could speak our language)?
If you could travel back in time one to five years and visit the younger “you”, what advice would you give yourself?
What was your favorite childhood cartoon?
What's your favorite color?